[docs][sqlite] Update importing existing database section (#19430)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v43.0.0/sdk/sqlite.mdx

### Importing an existing database

To open a new SQLite database using an existing `.db` file you already have, you need to do three things:

- Install `expo-file-system` and `expo-asset` modules:

  <Terminal cmd={['$ expo install expo-file-system expo-asset']} />

> - Create a **metro.config.js** file in the root of your project with the following contents ([curious why? read here](/guides/customizing-metro.mdx#adding-more-file-extensions-to--assetexts)):

Author: ```suggestion
- Create a **metro.config.js** file in the root of your project with the following snippet to [add support for `.db` file extension](/guides/customizing-metro/#adding-more-file-extensions-to--assetexts):
```
